CNV-27866: [Doc] expose the downwardMetrics through a virtio-serial channel (#74920)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-enabling-disabling-downward-metrics-feature-gate-yaml.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/monitoring/virt-exposing-downward-metrics.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-enabling-disabling-downward-metrics-feature-gate-yaml_{context}"]
= Enabling or disabling the downward metrics feature gate in a YAML file

> To expose downward metrics for a host virtual machine, you can enable the `downwardMetrics` feature gate by creating or editing a YAML file. Enabling the feature gate requires administrator privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expose downward metrics for a host virtual machine, you can enable the `downwardMetrics` feature gate by editing a YAML file. Enabling the feature gate requires administrator privileges.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/monitoring/virt-exposing-downward-metrics.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-enabling-disabling-downward-metrics-feature-gate-yaml_{context}"]
= Enabling or disabling the downward metrics feature gate in a YAML file

> To expose downward metrics for a host virtual machine, you can enable the `downwardMetrics` feature gate by editing a YAML file. Enabling the feature gate requires administrator privileges.

Reviewer 2: Same as above about making the last sentence a prereq:
```suggestion
To expose downward metrics for a host virtual machine, you can enable the `downwardMetrics` feature gate by editing a YAML file. 

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster with administrator privileges.
```

.Procedure

> You can enable or disable the `downwardMetrics` feature gate as follows:

Reviewer 2: I don't think we typically introduce procedures with a sentence like this once the `.Procedure` section has started. I get that you're trying to be consistent with the other procedure, but I think this sentence's meaning is already implied and it can probably be deleted:
```suggestion
```

> . Open the HyperConverged custom resource (CM) in your default editor by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: Typo:
```suggestion
. Open the HyperConverged custom resource (CR) in your default editor by running the following command:
```
